youtube.com##.no-scroll #page-manager:style(margin-top: 0px !important)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances.txt
youtube.com##ytd-popup-container > .ytd-popup-container > #contentWrapper > .ytd-popup-container[position-type="OPEN_POPUP_POSITION_BOTTOMLEFT"]
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances.txt
m.youtube.com###mealbar\:3 > ytm-mealbar.mealbar-promo-renderer
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances.txt
youtube.com##.masthead-ad-control,.ad-div,.pyv-afc-ads-container
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com###promotion-shelf
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
*_ad_$media,domain=youtube.com,3p
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com##ytd-video-masthead-ad-advertiser-info-renderer,ytm-promoted-sparkles-web-renderer
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
! @@||youtube.com/get_video_info?*timedtext_editor$xhr,1p
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
!youtube.com,youtube-nocookie.com##+js(json-prune, *.playerResponse.adPlacements *.playerResponse.playerAds [].playerResponse.adPlacements [].playerResponse.playerAds playerResponse.adPlacements playerResponse.playerAds adPlacements playerAds)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com,youtube-nocookie.com##+js(json-prune, [].playerResponse.adPlacements [].playerResponse.playerAds playerResponse.adPlacements playerResponse.playerAds adPlacements playerAds)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com,youtube-nocookie.com##+js(set, ytInitialPlayerResponse.adPlacements, undefined)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com,youtube-nocookie.com##+js(set, playerResponse.adPlacements, undefined)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
youtube.com##ytd-display-ad-renderer:upward(ytd-rich-item-renderer)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6oyXKqB2vY
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
zupload.me##a[href="https://www.9xyoutube.com"]
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
||youtube.com/get_video$media,redirect=noopmp4-1s,domain=wowescape.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
||youtube.com/get_video$media,redirect=noopmp4-1s,domain=games2rule.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
||youtube.com/embed/$frame,domain=123short.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
*$frame,denyallow=facebook.com|google.com|youtube.com,domain=foxseotools.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
*$frame,denyallow=facebook.com|google.com|hcaptcha.com|youtube.com,domain=dutchycorp.*
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
*$script,3p,denyallow=cloudflare.net|fastly.net|google.com|googleapis.com|gstatic.com|jwpcdn.com|jsdelivr.net|eastream.net|youtube.com|ytimg.com,domain=vidfast.co
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
*$frame,denyallow=facebook.com|google.com|hcaptcha.com|youtube.com,domain=fc.lc|fcc.lc|fclcc.com|fc-lc.com|markipli.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
||goodnewsnetwork.org^$csp=script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval' *.googletagservices.com *.wp.com *.air.tv *.addthis.com *.cloudflare.com *.facebook.net *.facebook.com *.gstatic.com *.youtube.com *.ytimg.com *.google.com *.googletagmanager.com *.instagram.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
||youtube.com/embed/*$domain=1shortlink.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
@@||youtube.com/yts/jsbin/*$script,domain=breathecast.com|classicalite.com|crossmap.com|hallels.com|newseveryday.com|returnofkings.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt
||ads.youtube.com^$badfilter
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt
||ads.youtube.com^$domain=~ads.youtube.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt
*$frame,denyallow=facebook.com|google.com|hcaptcha.com|youtube.com,domain=articlix.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2020.txt
*$frame,3p,denyallow=facebook.com|google.com|hcaptcha.com|recaptcha.net|twitter.com|youtube.com|api.paymentwall.com|streamable.com|vimeo.com,domain=elitepvpers.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
01234-m0vies.com,01234-movies.com,01234movies.*,1234movies.*,123films.*,123fox.net,123gostream.*,123hbo.com,123movies4up.com,123moviesfx.*,123moviesme.*,123moviesmix.com,123moviestoday.net,123movieweb.com,123pirate.com,123-watch.com,1kmovies.*,1link.club,1mlsbd.com,1stkissmanga.com,2umovies.com,4hdmovie.com,5xmovies.*,8-ball-magic.com,8putlocker.com,akmm.linksme.*,animeheaven.ru,arnaqueinternet.com,askmaryhub.com,atdhe.pro,ate9ni.com,audioz.download,bhplay.me,bollyshare.*,booksland.online,canonprintersdrivers.com,club-vinyl.ru,cinen9.*,citpekalongan.com,cydiasources.net,dailymovieshub.com,dizihdizlet.com,eastream.net,easylinks.in,ecsmp3.com,elevationmap.net,empireg.ru,extramovies.*,fakaza.com,filme-bune.biz,filmlinks4u.*,filmy4wap1.*,filmyone.com,filmypur.*,flixtv.club,foumovies.*,freedownloadmp3-mp4.top,freekuttymovies.com,gdirect.*,gethdmovies.com,gofilms4u.*,gomovies.*,gomoviz.com,hahasports.co,hd44.com,hdmoviz.*,hhdmovies.*,hindilinks4u.*,hindimoviesonline.*,hostxy.com,hwnaturkya.com,iiyoutube.com,inextmovies.*,insurancebillpayment.net,jaanihd.*,jattmate.com,kingsmoviehd.life,kurdmovie.net,ltcjar.com,linkotes.com,linksdegrupos.com.br,linkshield.cloud,linkskat.*,linksmore.*,livesport24.net,mailnesia.com,melodelaa.link,mkvcage.*,mkvhub.*,mobdropro.com,mobilemovies.info,movie24hub.org,moviecrisp.in,moviefreak.*,movies4me.*,moviesmon.*,moviesonline.fm,moviesshub.*,moviesub.is,movieswatch24.com.pk,movieswatch.in,mozkra.com,mp3cristianos.net,mp3fusion.net,mp3songsdownloadf.blogspot.com,msmoviesbd.com,multicanais.tv,musiklip.ru,naijahits.com,naijal.com,nbch.com.ar,needrombd.com,nexusmovies.site,nowmovies.in,nullcode.cc,nullpk.com,ocnpj.com,ogario.ovh,openload.*,pagodesparabaixar.org,pelisstar.com,phc.web.id,pirlotv.mx,pregledaj.net,primeflix.website,prmovies.*,readingbd.com,recetas.arrozconleche.info,repack-games.com,revivelink.com,romfast.com,s2dfree.*,simonetwealth.net,simpledownload.net,ssrmovies.world,stalkface.com,stivandz.com,subtitlecat.com,tajpoint.com,theismailiusa.org,torrentfilmes4k.org,uploadmaza.com,vevoyoutube.com,vibehubs.com,vidcloudpng.com,viralitytoday.com,watchopm.net,watchseri.net,web.livecricket.is,wifi4games.com,wildwap.com,wlinks.xyz,world4ufree1.*,worldgirlsportal.com,xmovies8.so,yomovies1.*,yotrabajo.info,youtubeai.com,youtubetoany.com,zone-annuaire.*##+js(acis, Math, break;case $.)
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
||youtube.com^$domain=1link.vip
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
nsfwyoutube.com##pp
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
*$xhr,3p,domain=nsfwyoutube.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
||m.youtube.com/*/ad.js$script
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
||gospeljingle.com^$csp=default-src 'unsafe-inline' 'self' data: *.ytimg.com *.facebook.com *.google.com *.gstatic.com *.youtube.com *.googleapis.com *.wp.com *.gospeljingle.com *.googletagmanager.com
filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
liderendeportes.com,serieskao.tv,freefilm.to,ac24.cz,downloads-anymovies.com,nsfwyoutube.com,jpblow.info,hesgoal.com,filmisub.com,igg-games.com,ruwhite.info,slones.info,ukhello.info,uaclips.com,freeserial.to,thodkyaat.com,kzclip.com,onlymen.cz,ultimasnoticias.com.ve,ibb.co$$script[wildcard="*track*atob*ShadowRoot*"][min-length="5000"][max-length="10000"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
liderendeportes.com,serieskao.tv,freefilm.to,ac24.cz,downloads-anymovies.com,nsfwyoutube.com,jpblow.info,hesgoal.com,filmisub.com,igg-games.com,ruwhite.info,slones.info,ukhello.info,uaclips.com,thodkyaat.com,kzclip.com,onlymen.cz,ultimasnoticias.com.ve,freeserial.to,ibb.co##pp

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#?#ytd-rich-grid-renderer ytd-rich-item-renderer div > ytd-display-ad-renderer:upward(2)

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
nsfwyoutube.com#?#.embed-container > h2:contains(Watch the Featured Video of the Day)

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
dcyoutube.com#?#.row > .addesk > .panel-default:has(>.panel-body > script[src*="bnserving.com/"])

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/*?*&origin=*.filma24.*&widgetid$domain=filma24.to

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/lHf04QyG_zc$domain=unikal.org

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/7Gx6lPe2FQM$domain=talk.op.gg

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
manhwahentai.com,yts.gd,beinmatch.com,flashx.pw,yesmovies.to,adsrt.me,cloudvideo.tv,khoai.tv,linkatna.me,openloadmovies.net,gomovies.ec,kisscartoon.su,bmovies.cz,watchfree.at,imgoutlet.pw,frkmusic.org,xmovies8.pl,snowfiles.com,lnkshrnk.net,vidto.me,tusfiles.com,flashx.co,dwindly.io,opensubtitles.org,easyview.eu,peggo.tv,vidmoly.me,megaxtreme.net,goalsport.se,flashx.cc,adsrt.com,itdmusic.site,zi-m.com,downsub.com,xrivonet.info,linkrex.net,youtubemultidownloader.com,worldsrc.com,shink.me,cpygames.com,vidtodo.me,tv-porinternet.com,drhtv.com.pl,srt.am,dir50.net,ojomovies.com,yobuilder.com,estrenos10.com,urle.co,tvsportslive.stream,9xbuddy.com,pasteca.sh,onlinehdmovies.org,peliculaxd.com,vidzella.me,thepiratebay.org,listentoyoutube.com,powvideo.net,monova.org,gamesofpc.com,gameslords.com,filesharingz.ga,file.up09.com,cogismith.com,coginator.com,simizer.com,riffhold.com,kaitect.com,vizer.tv,jkanime.net,tugaflix.com,douploads.com,suprafiles.org,tusfiles.net,solidfiles.com,itdmusic.com,ebook-gratuit.co,cloudyfiles.org#%#Object.defineProperties(window,{admvpu:{get:function(){},set:function(a){if("function"==typeof a)throw Error();}},Fingerprint2:{get:function(){},set:function(){throw Error();}}});

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
unblocksite.pw,manhwa-manga52.bid,lrepacks.net,try2link.com,adsh.cc,ytmp3.cc,1link.club,express-cut.ovh,ltcjar.com,europix.us,123moviesprime.com,attvideo.com,goload.one,clicknupload.cc,baixartorrents.org,userscloud.com,dmovie.co,ssrmovies.world,yomovies1.xyz,ymovies.vip,up-load.io,194.163.183.129,asianload1.com,tny.so,fbstream.me,leechpremium.link,slink.bid,pelisplus.*,kissanimee.ru,multicanais.tv,asianload.me,asianstream.tv,sbplay.*,zone-annuaire.work,citpekalongan.com,mailnesia.com,repack-games.com,movizland.top,fmovies.to,racaty.net,club-vinyl.ru,hostxy.com,iiyoutube.com,naijal.com,recetas.arrozconleche.info,youtubeai.com,vibehubs.com,2embed.ru,1stkissmanga.com,bukatoko.my.id,fitasdeled.com,9anime.*,pirlotv.mx,simpledownload.net,1mlsbd.com,ogario.ovh,mp3fusion.net,8-ball-magic.com,freedownloadmp3-mp4.top,mobdropro.com,pelisstar.com,tajpoint.com,xmovies8.so,youtubetoany.com,strtapeadblock.me,atdhe.pro,filme-bune.biz,musiklip.ru,phc.web.id,web.livecricket.is,askmaryhub.com,booksland.online,cydiasources.net,insurancebillpayment.net,mobilemovies.info,mp3cristianos.net,simonetwealth.net,yotrabajo.info,livesport24.net,nullcode.cc,nullpk.com,empireg.ru,canonprintersdrivers.com,mega-p2p.net,1234movies.show,fakaza.com,megafilmes4k.org,moviesonline.fm,needrombd.com,readingbd.com,subtitlecat.com,torrentfilmes4k.org,wifi4games.com,watchopm.net,xmovies.is,filmesonlinex.co,hwnaturkya.com,world4ufree1.club,247movie.net,7025a.com,bioskopq.com,cinema.cimatna.com,convertitoremp3.download,crackevil.com,foreverwallpapers.com,megafilmestop.com,neomovies.net,rojadirecta.global,saff-tv.net,soycinefilo.club,uppboom.com,anime4up.com,4share-mp3.net,ajkalerbarta.com,altadefinizione01.quest,appsfree4u.com,awanishsingh.com,barati.tk,beautifulmehandidesigns.com,bengalisite.com,bestfullmoviesinhd.org,beastlyprints.com,briefwatch.com,ch-play.com,clickforhire.com,codecanyon.website,crypto-news.cf,dailyinsta.xyz,dramaturca.com,dtmaga.com,essaysharkwriting.club,evolutiondigital.online,exemplarstory.com,featurepacks.com,firada.tk,fitnessdiets.in,gizmomec.com,gudangbioskop21.com,guns-bet.com,hanopi.tk,haodyu.com,healthnewsreel.com,healthyfoodsbody.xyz,hotnews2021.online,iv-soft.com,jelok.tk,jewelry.com.my,johnwardflighttraining.com,justifid.info,kabao.tk,kabarportal.com,klarat.tk,kstorymedia.com,lespassionsdechinouk.com,libertestreamvf.org,livestreamtv.pk,manet.tk,mariokarttour.fr,mutil.tk,myfernweh.com,novelepic.com,orangeink.pk,osoft.xyz,people.capetown,ruckzuck-abnehmen.com,serijehaha.com,shrugemojis.com,talaba.su,tatabrada.tv,thetechzone.online,thripy.com,turcasmania.com,urdubolo.pk,watchtvch.club,new.gdtot.me,comandotorrentshds.org,123movies-official.site,123moviesg.com,123moviestoday.net,watchseri.net,eplayvid.com,123moviesmix.com,filmyone.com,vshare.eu,123moviesfree.ltd,123moviesme.online,123fox.net,123hbo.com,8putlocker.com,hhdmovies.*,123gostream.fun,01234movies.email,123movies4up.com,123pirate.com,gogoanimes.*,py.md,arnaqueinternet.com,ate9ni.com,dizihdizlet.com,elevationmap.net,hahasports.co,hd44.com,kurdmovie.net,linkotes.com,linksdegrupos.com.br,mettablog.com,mozkra.com,naijahits.com,nbch.com.ar,ocnpj.com,onlineproxy.eu,pagodesparabaixar.org,romfast.com,stalkface.com,stivandz.com,theismailiusa.org,viralitytoday.com,xxxwebdlxxx.top,fulltube.online,watchmovie.movie,vedshar.com,mangareader.site,tei.ai,4anime.to,freshi.site,123hulu.com,gamato3.com,updatesmovie.xyz,cookuve.com,srek.net,watchsao.tv,watchgoblinslayer.com,haikyuu3.com,watchnoblesse.com,watchsnk.net,watchdrstone.com,demonslayeranime.com,watchblackclover.com,watchoverlord2.com,watchboruto.com,watchrezero2.com,123movies.net,hdmo.tv,comandotorrents.org,hackiee.mobi,avimobilemovies.net,claimcrypto.cc,123films.cc,stream2watch.*,jackstreams.com,uwatchfree.tech,jetanimes.com,hdmoviehubs.in,earncoin.site,animefenix.com,9xmovies.*,cutw.in,freemovies4u.xyz,nflstream.io,allmovies.tube,flashx.net,k-vid.net,switch-xci.com,leermanga.xyz,extreme-down.video,series9.ac,wpstream.tv,liveonscore.tv,animepahe.com,files.im,1primewire.com,animafan.biz,ouo.press,gdriveplayer.io,fitgirlrepacks.co,embed.meomeo.pw,tii.ai,cartoonwire.to,hakie.net,embed.dramacool.movie,vidcloud9.com,watchseries.movie,xcine.tv,daddylive.live,xsanime.com,icouchtuner.club,file-upload.com,shugraithou.com,gameslay.net,www.4bac.ro,www.mobilephonedir.com,theusajob.com,washingmachineinside.com,www.spyloaded.net,skyshutter.com,applicationg29.com,hasi-thate.com,maxfilmes.tv,techmagazine.ws,wordandobject.com,capacidadedigital.com,www.radiolankaonline.com,egyhd.net,romforandroid.com,xsanime.com,new.gdtot.me,try2link.com,uploadrar.com,theproxy.app,japscan.ws,123moviesgo.*,beinmatchtv.tv,strikeout.nu,janjua.tv,filmyzilla.tech,vidembed.*,animehay.tv#%#//scriptlet("abort-current-inline-script", "Math", "delete window")

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
mangaclash.com,hhdstreams.club,uhdstreams.club,manhuascan.com,getpronews.com,akltu.com,shorten.sh,9xmovies.app,toonily.com,kiminime.com,katmoviehd.nl,beinmatch.tv,a2zapk.com,vidload.net,movies123.pics,nsfwyoutube.com,ckk.ai,wikifeet.com,adsafelink.com,isekaiscan.com,desiupload.in,uppit.com,watchhowimetyourmother.online,kisstvshow.to,kimcartoon.to,arabseed.tv,updatetribun.org,strikeout.nu,putlockers.co#%#//scriptlet("abort-on-property-read", "Object.prototype.Focm")

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
mobileflasherbd.com#%#//scriptlet("prevent-window-open", "1", "youtube.com")

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
! youtube.com - smooth scrolling for macOS

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#$#ytd-page-manager { overflow-y: unset !important; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#$##page-manager.ytd-app { overflow-x: unset !important; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-video-masthead-ad-advertiser-info-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###__ffYoutube1

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###__ffYoutube2

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###__ffYoutube3

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###__ffYoutube4

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###offer-module

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###pla-shelf > ytd-pla-shelf-renderer[class="style-scope ytd-watch"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###promotion-shelf

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###related > ytd-watch-next-secondary-results-renderer > #items > ytd-compact-promoted-video-renderer.ytd-watch-next-secondary-results-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###watch7-branded-banner

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-search-pyv-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytm-promoted-sparkles-web-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtubekids.com,youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com#%#//scriptlet('set-constant', 'ytInitialPlayerResponse.adPlacements', 'undefined')

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtubekids.com,youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com#%#//scriptlet('set-constant', 'playerResponse.adPlacements', 'undefined')

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
! youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com#%#(function(){var overrideObject=function(obj,propertyName,overrideValue){if(!obj)return false;var overriden=false;for(var key in obj)if(obj.hasOwnProperty(key)&&key===propertyName){obj[key]=overrideValue;overriden=true}else if(obj.hasOwnProperty(key)&&typeof obj[key]==="object")if(overrideObject(obj[key],propertyName,overrideValue))overriden=true;if(overriden);return overriden};var jsonOverride=function(propertyName,overrideValue){JSON.parse=new Proxy(JSON.parse,{apply:function(){var obj=Reflect.apply.apply(Reflect,arguments);overrideObject(obj,propertyName,overrideValue);return obj}});Response.prototype.json=new Proxy(Response.prototype.json,{apply:function(){var promise=Reflect.apply.apply(Reflect,arguments);return new Promise(function(resolve,reject){promise.then(function(data){overrideObject(data,propertyName,overrideValue);resolve(data)})["catch"](function(error){return reject(error)})})}})};jsonOverride("adPlacements",[]);jsonOverride("playerAds",[])})();

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtubekids.com,youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com#%#//scriptlet('json-prune', '0.playerResponse.adPlacements 0.playerResponse.playerAds playerResponse.adPlacements playerResponse.playerAds adPlacements playerAds')

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/get_video_info?*=adunit&$important

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com/get_video_info?*=adunit&

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/get_video_info?$~third-party,badfilter

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.html5-video-player.ad-showing .ytp-title

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/get_video_info*&el=editpage

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/get_video_info?*embedded$~third-party,other

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
/^(?!.*(bootstrapcdn.com|cdn.ampproject.org|cloudflare.com|disqus.com|disquscdn.com|dmca.com|ebacdn.com|facebook.net|fbcdn.net|fluidplayer.com|fontawesome.com|github.io|google.com|googleapis.com|googletagmanager.com|gstatic.com|jquery.com|jsdelivr.net|jwpcdn.com|jwplatform.com|polyfill.io|recaptcha.net|shrink.pe|twitter.com|ulogin.ru|unpkg.com|userapi.com|vidazoo.com|vk.com|yandex.|yastatic.net|ytimg.com|zencdn.net|player|youtube.com|cackle.me|googleoptimize.com|vuukle.com|chatango.com|twimg.com|google-analytics.com|hcaptcha.com|raincaptcha.com|media-imdb.com|blogger.com|hwcdn.net|instagram.com)).*$/$third-party,script,domain=link.ltc24.com|linkebr.com|bitfly.io|go2.surf|adcorto.me|minilinks.in|exe.app|genpassword.top|gplinks.co|miklpro.com|kutt.io|cutlink.link|uplinks.in|rexdlfile.com|downloadhub.ink|skidrowcodex.co|adcorto.xyz|shortbled.com|cuturl.in|paidtomoney.com|kissmanga.link|skidrowcodex.net|vvc.vc|illink.net|proshort.gq|ownurl.website|300mbplus.*|hdmovieplus.site|news.techrfour.com|shortzzy.in|shrinkme.in|shorten.sh|gibit.xyz|btcdot.xyz|iir.ai|todaynewspk.win|cut.my.id|ouofly.com|stfly.me|dz4win.com|bolssc.com|genpas.icu|canyoublockit.com|aii.sh|uptoshort.com|gsurl.in|oncehelp.com|adslinkfly.online|extramovies.casa|asianclub.nl|file-up.org|kshow123.net|short.articlix.com|dlapk4all.com|cryptoads.space|profitlink.info|shorthitz.com|putlocker.digital|pimpandhost.com|pornpapa.com|shorthub.co|xxxfiles.com|pornone.com|rawdex.net|hiperdex.com|ask4movie.co|scash.xyz|animekayo.com|animekaizoku.com|xorgasmo.com|mitly.us|xtits.com|vjav.com|japscan.se|birdurls.com|hunstulovers.net|area51deportiva.com|mixdrop.to|allporncomic.com|doramasmp4.com|animepahe.com|1337x.is|savelink.site|free-trx.com|gosexpod.com|kropic.com|kaplog.com|homemoviestube.com|gaybeeg.info|pics4you.net|upornia.com|jprealtime.com|camthots.tv|manganelo.link|zeenite.com|clk.ink|push.bdnewsx.com|iyotvideos.com|toptechtalk.xyz|uptomega.me|tumanga.net|wat32.com|myhdjav.net|tsgtv.net|123movie.show|123movie.*|123moviesfree.*|123unblock.best|123unblock.*|shieldmanga.club|shieldmanga.*|ccurl.net|beinmatch.tv|ytmp3.eu|123movieshd.cloud|123movieshd.*|voxc.org|link.bitmos.co.in|movie8k.*|sports24.*|shortenbuddy.com|mac-torrent-download.net|openloadmov.net|downloadpirate.com|payskip.org|moviesflix.one|themoviesflix.co|hentaitube.online|bestshort.xyz|link1s.*|earnwithshortlink.com|foxseotools.com|manhuascan.com|exe.app|10convert.com|crownimg.com|fc.lc|manganelo.com|mypornstarbook.net|7hitmovies.surf|desitvshows.xyz|strims.world|srek.net|cpmlink.net|shrinkzzy.link|cookuve.com|bigtitslust.com|sanos.xyz|holymanga.net|links.mflixblog.xyz|skidrowreloaded.com|pewgame.com|himovies.to|warefree01.com|kissanimes.cc|toonanime.tv|sxyprn.com|anupama.*|kiryuu.co|blurayufr.com|btcads24.com|forex-trnd.com|wolfstream.tv|tuktukcinema.net|mynewshub.in|mynewsmedia.co|userupload.net|crypto-faucet.xyz|doctor-groups.com|downloadhub.kim|myadultanimes.com|otakudesu.moe|freeadultcomix.com|shrlink.top|mfk-shorter.com|lelscan-vf.co|ruvideos.net|srsone.top|animexin.xyz|otakufr.co|4anime.to|french-stream.lol|jujmanga.com|watchseries.*|ahwaktv.tv|allviids.com|amlijatt.in|fulltube.online|123movies.*|bevru.club|lewdweb.net|shortenmm.cf|fsapi.xyz|flixtv.club|worldcupfootball.me|promo-visits.site|krypto-trend.de|hatsukimanga.com|simplyfaucet.xyz|fzmovies.*|paidthe.site|desiflix.club|tny.so|kiss-anime.ws|1mlsbd.com|knaben.ru|streamtape.com|mangadop.info|dailyuploads.net|japscan.ws|dramacool.*|123movies-hd.online|latestmanga.net|hexupload.net|sukidesuost.info|sbembed1.com|2ddl.ms|cocomanga.com|rawkuma.com|erogarga.com|mixdrop.sx|kiiw.icu|crownimg.com|onlynudes.tv|hitomi.la|kabegamipuloh.web.app|japscan.ws|bluemediafiles.net|linkerhub.tk|mrdhan.com|films5k.com|zetporn.com|animetw.xyz|fembed.stream|watchmalcolminthemiddle.com|reddit.tube|btcmovies.xyz|outletpic.com|la123movies.com|streamingworld.club|2embed.ru|gomo.to|yesmovies.sx|fire-link.net|xtits.xxx|y2mate.com|upornia.tube|weloma.net|kissanimee.ru|pornvideos4k.com|4kpornmovs.com|theproxy.to|putlocker-website.com|up-load.io|insuranceblog.xyz|leaknudes.com|beingtek.com|komikcast.com|gtlink.co|fmovies.app|bitlinks.pw|hentaiblue.com|yifysubtitles.vip|anonymz.com|torrentgalaxy.to|fmoviesto.cc|dragontranslation.com|mixdrop.*|just-upload.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
1link.vip##iframe[src^="https://www.youtube.com/"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/s64CHqUrzYY?autoplay=$domain=instadp.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
glory-link.com##iframe[src^="https://www.youtube.com/embed/"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||playbuzz.com^$domain=javarevisited.blogspot.com|nsfwyoutube.com|readmng.com|readlightnovel.org|guacamoley.com|sportsplays.com|dailyhive.com|straightdope.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/$domain=icutit.ca|shortit.ca|sxyprn.net

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
dcyoutube.com###rowad

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
dcyoutube.com###clkad

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
studio.youtube.com#@$?#.opened { remove: true; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#$##header.ytd-c4-tabbed-header-renderer { position: absolute !important; left: 0 !important; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/embed/$domain=masterani.me

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ads?ad_rule=0&d_imp=1&gdfp_req=1&iu=%2F6762%2Fmkt.ythome_1x1$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ads?ad_rule=0&d_imp=1&gdfp_req=1&impl=ifr$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
! @@||youtube.com/embed/$jsinject

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/my_video_ad$document

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||ytimg.com^*_banner$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
! For videos to play in IE9 (http://www.youtube.com/user/monkeyseevideos?feature=CAgQwRs%3D)

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||ad.doubleclick.net/*/adi/com.ytbc/$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/$stealth,app=MicrosoftEdgeCP.exe

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com^$domain=gsmarena.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#%#(function () {try {var youtubeAdRegExp = /^((.*_)?(ad|ads|afv|adsense)(_.*)?|(ad3|st)_module|prerolls|interstitial|infringe|iv_cta_url)$/;function updateFlashvars(flashvars) {var values = flashvars.split('&');for (var i = 0; i < values.length; i++) {var param = values[i].split('=')[0];if (youtubeAdRegExp.test(param)) {values.splice(i--, 1);}}return values.join('&');}function blockPlayerAds(player) {var updatedPlayer = player.cloneNode(true);var changed = false;var flashvars = updatedPlayer.getAttribute('flashvars');if (flashvars) {var flashvarsUpdated = updateFlashvars(flashvars);if (flashvars != flashvarsUpdated) {updatedPlayer.setAttribute('flashvars', flashvarsUpdated);changed = true;}}var param = updatedPlayer.querySelector('param[name=flashvars]');if (param) {var value = param.getAttribute('value');if (value) {var valueUpdated = updateFlashvars(value);if (value != valueUpdated) {param.setAttribute('value', valueUpdated);changed = true;}}}if (changed && player.parentNode) {player.parentNode.replaceChild(updatedPlayer, player);}var container = document.querySelector(".video-ads");if (container && container.parentNode) {container.parentNode.removeChild(container);}var progress = document.querySelector(".html5-ad-progress-list");if (progress && progress.parentNode) {progress.parentNode.removeChild(progress);}if (typeof ytplayer == 'undefined') {return;}var config = ytplayer['config'];if (!config) {return;}config.loaded = false;var args = config['args'];if (!args) {return;}args.ad3_module = 0;args.ad_channel_code_instream = 0;args.ad_channel_code_overlay = 0;args.ad_device = 0;args.ad_eurl = 0;args.ad_host = 0;args.ad_host_tier = 0;args.ad_logging_flag = 0;args.ad_preroll = 0;args.ad_slots = 0;args.ad_tag = 0;args.ad_video_pub_id = 0;args.adsense_video_doc_id = 0;args.advideo = 0;args.afv = 0;args.afv_ad_tag = 0;args.afv_ad_tag_restricted_to_instream = 0;args.afv_instream_max = 0;args.allowed_ads = 0;args.afv_video_min_cpm = 0;args.allow_html5_ads = 0;args.excluded_ad = 0;args.dynamic_allocation_ad_tag = 0;}window.ytspf = {};Object.defineProperty(window.ytspf, 'enabled', {configurable: true,get: function () {return false;},set: function (enabled) {}});var player = document.querySelector('#movie_player');if (player) {blockPlayerAds(player);} else {var onDOMNodeInserted = function (e) {if (e.target.id == 'movie_player') {blockPlayerAds(e.target);document.removeEventListener('DOMNodeInserted', onDOMNodeInserted, false);}};document.addEventListener('DOMNodeInserted', onDOMNodeInserted, false);}} catch (ex) {console.log('Youtube ads blocking error');console.log(ex);}})();

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||ad.doubleclick.net/*/pfadx/$domain=m.youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
_reklama_$domain=~youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#@#.overlay-ads

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com#@#.video-ads

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/ad_companion

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/pagead/

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/get_video_info?$xmlhttprequest,domain=music.youtube.com|tv.youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||m.youtube.com/get_midroll_$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||www.youtube.com/get_midroll_$domain=youtube.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||youtube.com/get_video_info?*adunit$~third-party

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
1sale.com,7billionworld.com,9jaflaver.com,achieveronline.co.za,canstarblue.co.nz,chordfrenzy.com,climatechangenews.com,cryptonomist.ch,dallasobserver.com,energyforecastonline.co.za,esports.com,eventcinemas.co.nz,flashx.tv,furaffinity.net,geo.tv,govtrack.us,gramfeed.com,houstonpress.com,idiva.com,indiatimes.com,inspirock.com,knowyourmeme.com,marinetraffic.com,mb.com.ph,mehrnews.com,meta-calculator.com,mini-ielts.com,miningprospectus.co.za,mugshots.com,myfitnesspal.com,nativeplanet.com,nbc.na,news.nom.co,nsfwyoutube.com,roadaheadonline.co.za,russia-insider.com,russian-faith.com,savevideo.me,sddt.com,servicepublication.co.za,sgcarmart.com,shipyearonline.co.za,stars-portraits.com,straitstimes.com,strawpoll.me,tcm.com,tech2.com,tehrantimes.com,tellerreport.com,thecatholicuniverse.com,thejakartapost.com,thelakewoodscoop.com,themalaysianinsider.com,thenews.com.pk,theprojectmanager.co.za,thestar.com.my,viamichelin.com,viamichelin.ie,vidstreaming.io,wallpaper.com,y8.com,yummy.ph##.ads

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
nsfwyoutube.com##img[src*="data"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###YtKevlarVisibilityIdentifier

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###YtSparklesVisibilityIdentifier

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###feed-pyv-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###masthead-ad

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###merch-shelf

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###pla-shelf

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###player-ads

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###premium-yva

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###promo-info

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###promo-list

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###search-pva

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###shelf-pyv-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###video-masthead

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com###watch-buy-urls

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.GoogleActiveViewElement

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.banner-promo-style-type-masthead-v2

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.companion-ad-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.list-view[style="margin: 7px 0pt;"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.promoted-sparkles-text-search-root-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.promoted-videos

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.searchView.list-view

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.sparkles-light-cta

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-action-companion-ad-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-carousel-ad-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-compact-promoted-video-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-companion-slot-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-merch-shelf-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-player-legacy-desktop-watch-ads-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-promoted-sparkles-text-search-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-promoted-video-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-search-pyv-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-video-masthead-ad-v3-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-action-interstitial-background-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-action-interstitial-slot

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-button

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-overlay-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-player-overlay-flyout-cta

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-progress

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-ad-progress-list

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##YTM-PROMOTED-VIDEO-RENDERER

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##[class^="ytd-display-ad-"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##[layout*="display-ad-"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##a[href^="http://www.youtube.com/cthru?"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##a[href^="https://www.youtube.com/cthru?"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
m.youtube.com##a[onclick*="\"ping_url\":\"http://www.google.com/aclk?"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-compact-promoted-video-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-companion-slot-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-display-ad-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-promoted-sparkles-text-search-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-promoted-sparkles-web-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-single-option-survey-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-video-masthead-ad-v3-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytm-companion-slot

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytm-promoted-sparkles-text-search-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytm-promoted-sparkles-web-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||tv.youtube.com^$generichide

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/ads/preferences/$popup

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_English/filter.txt
||s.youtube.com^

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||s2.youtube.com^

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||fcmatch.youtube.com/pixel

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/api/stats/ads?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/api/stats/qoe?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/csi_204?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/gen_204

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/player_204?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/ptracking?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
@@||s.youtube.com^|

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
@@||s.youtube.com/api/stats/playback?

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
@@||google-analytics.com/ga.js$domain=7digital.com|account.hirezstudios.com|aebn.net|aftonbladet.se|alatest.com|americanapparel.net|apps.facebook.com|asus.com|avast.com|babylon.com|bangbros.com|banshee.fm|billabong.com|billboard.com|bolha.com|bookadumpster.com|boostmobile.com|break.com|brobible.com|change.org|cinemassacre.com|comingsoon.net|everydayhealth.com|dailyfreegames.com|dailysteals.com|echo.msk.ru|ehow.com|eonline.com|filmweb.pl|fora.tv|fossil.com|foxsports.com.au|frequency.com|g4tv.com|gasbuddy.com|globaltv.com|google.com|gumtree.com.au|hoerzu.de|imageshack.us|intellicast.com|jetbrains.com|jobsite.co.uk|justjared.com|juxtapoz.com|kaspersky.pl|kleinanzeigen.ebay.de|latimes.com|lemonfree.com|liptonicetea.com|logitech.com|lucasarts.com|mashable.com|maxcdn.com|medonet.pl|meetme.com|mevio.com|mommyish.com|newyorker.com|nme.com|nuts.co.uk|opendns.com|oyster.com|philips.com|photobucket.com|priceme.co.nz|priestville.org|salon.com|search.diy.com|seekingalpha.com|sundance.org|techbargains.com|tempe12.com|theblaze.com|thegrindstone.com|thevine.com.au|theweek.com|threatfire.com|timberland.com|tomshardware.com|tube8.com|tvunetworks.com|tweetgrid.com|umbro.com|videochart.net|weeworld.com|wonka.com|xda-developers.com|yellow.co.nz|youtube.com|zoo.org.au

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt
||youtube.com/subscribe_embed?$third-party

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
||youtube.com/subscribe_widget$third-party

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
abplive.com##.mt-4 > a[href^="https://www.youtube.com/"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
engadget.com,youtube.com##a[href^="http://www.facebook.com/dialog/share?"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
youtube.com##a[href^="http://www.blogger.com/blog-this.g?"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
youtube.com##.share-panel-services-container > div#share-services-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
~grammarly.com,~youtube.com##.share-panel

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt
!youtube.com#%#//scriptlet("set-constant", "ytInitialPlayerResponse.auxiliaryUi.messageRenderers.upsellDialogRenderer.isVisible", "false")

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
!youtube.com#%#//scriptlet("set-constant", "ytInitialData.topbar.desktopTopbarRenderer.interstitial.consentBumpRenderer.forceConsent", "false")

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com#%#AG_onLoad(function() {var a = new MutationObserver(function() {if (document.querySelector('yt-upsell-dialog-renderer')) {var b = document.querySelector('.ytd-popup-container[popup-size="UPSELL_DIALOG_RENDERER_POPUP_SIZE_LARGE"] #dismiss-button:not(.dismissed), .upsell-dialog-lightbox .upsell-dialog-dismiss-button button:not(.dismissed)');setTimeout(function() {b&&b.click()}, 3E2)}});a.observe(document, {childList: !0,subtree: !0});setTimeout(function() {a.disconnect()}, 3E3)});

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-statement-banner-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/$domain=eksisozluk.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
@@||youtube.com/embed/*$domain=seyler.eksisozluk.com

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com###content > .style-scope > .ytd-compact-promoted-item-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytp-subscribe-card

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com#$##ticker.ytd-masthead { display: none!important; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.annotation.iv-branding

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.annotation.iv-promo

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.iv-promo-video

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.video-annotations

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.ytp-cards-teaser

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
~studio.youtube.com,youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.ytp-pause-overlay

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
m.youtube.com##ytm-paid-content-overlay-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com##.ytp-paid-content-overlay

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube-nocookie.com,youtube.com###yt-lang-alert-container

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##.mealbar-promo-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com###consent-bump

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##iron-overlay-backdrop

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-popup-container ytd-mealbar-promo-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com###consent-bump

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##.yt-consent-banner

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
gaming.youtube.com##.ytg-notification-footer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
rewe.de,withyoutube.com##div[data-cookie-consent]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
consent.youtube.com#%#AG_onLoad(function(){if(window.location.href.includes("consent.youtube.com")){var a=new MutationObserver(function(){var b=document.querySelector('form[action="https://consent.youtube.com/s"]');b&&(a.disconnect(),b.submit())});a.observe(document,{childList:!0,subtree:!0});setTimeout(function(){a.disconnect()},1E4)}});

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
google.*,youtube.com#%#(function(){try{var time=(new Date).getTime();var cookieDate=new Date(time+1314E6);var hostname=location.host;var locSubString=null;if(!hostname.startsWith("google.")&&!hostname.startsWith("youtube."))locSubString=hostname.substring(hostname.indexOf(".")+1);var loc=locSubString||hostname;if(document.cookie.indexOf("CONSENT=YES")!==-1)return;document.cookie="CONSENT=YES+; domain="+loc+"; path=/; expires="+cookieDate.toUTCString()}catch(ex){console.error("AG: failed to set consent cookie: "+ex)}})();

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
@@||autohdforyoutube.com/wp-content/plugins/uk-cookie-consent/assets/js/uk-cookie-consent-js.js

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##.ytd-single-option-survey-option-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-popup-container[class="style-scope ytd-app"] > iron-dropdown[force-close-on-outside-click="true"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com##ytd-popup-container > iron-dropdown .ytd-popup-container[position-type="OPEN_POPUP_POSITION_BOTTOMLEFT"]

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
music.youtube.com##ytmusic-mealbar-promo-renderer

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com###ticker-content

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
lenta.ru#?#.b-box:has(> i > a[href^="https://www.youtube.com"])

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
youtube.com#$##appbar-guide-menu { margin-top: 50px!important; }

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
||youtube.com/embed/?enablejsapi=1&origin=*3dnews.ru&widgetid=1

filterlist = https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt
